yes I got a new package today from the
mail oh no don't look at my dress oh no
it's not nevermind well uh I have a new
package and it has something well let's
just get this open i got a new i just
ordered some disney pins on the internet
I'm not hiding it ok so here I guess the
new disney pin some shrimp on the camera
right now ok there it is and i am going
to cut it I mean I already know what it
is but this is just for people that
don't see what's up oh that was so close
that was cut the box oh wow yeah a box
yeah they give me the box too Wow cool
well yeah I got another popcorn final
mission yeah and I got a penny from it
and this is just for anyone that wants
to see me see if I could focus this
movie oh right here mm-hmm and the one I
got from this one I got on eBay cuz you
know I already tried twice for this one
and I really wanted this one and getting
it was like oh man i'm not gonna spend
another thirty dollars trying to get
this i'm good at the king of the box
yeah this is so what I'm trying to find
the angle yeah I got jack skellington
right here I really like this one yeah
sorry let me show you jack skellington
oh yeah that's very job I don't know if
he's upside down or not but here it is
Jack Skellington actually i think the
video LCDs upside down so i'll just show
it like this oh he's so cute yeah so is
really nice i actually really wanted
this one so I kind of just ebates it
someone nice enough was able to sell it
oh yeah I also have one more let's see
another one this is just for the heck of
it and I think I'll kind of like this
one too you can actually trade this one
in a park so if you could guess which
one this one is it's pretty good for you
too um ok it's not been wrapped in knots
about 2013 hidden one of the 2013
yeah and this one this is like a napkin
from like Ohio like Ohio napkin traveled
this far so I can touch it good I know
okay so let's see all right and they put
it in a little box for me too so that's
pretty cold so I got the Hidden Mickey
is a Canadian key yeah yeah this one's
called the hidden mickey and i got the
Donald Duck hidden mickey pacific sooo
nice warm yeah there it is and he's like
holding popcorns like classic Donald
Donald Duck I really like this one
Suzanne here got the the goofy one oh I
don't have yeah you don't have it with
you yeah but she traded that off for
like someone's lanyard and this one I
got on ebay too because I kind of like
this one yeah yeah this one's my pin
update so thanks for watching and check
it out this camera is weird it's on a
tripod so I can't even like focus it's
like watching a mere or something that's
so weird well yes there it is there it
is